Use Case Name: Apply for job 
Priority: 1
Actor: User

Pre-condition: The user is able to apply for jobs that are available.
	
	Step 1: The user selects Apply for Job.
	Step 2: The user uploads CV stored in the system.
	Step 3: The user enters a short message with their CV.
	Step 4: The user confirms the information entered.
	Step 5: The system confirms that the information has been sent.
	
Post-condition: The users CV will be sent to the Job they have applied for.


Use Case Name: CV Advice
Priority: 3
Actor: User

Pre-condition: The user has the choice to look at tips to get advice on their CV.
	
	Step 1: The user selects the CV advice option.
	Step 2: The system retrievs a list of CV tips for the user.
	
Post-condition: The user will have a choice of updating their CV with tips provided.


Use Case Name: Career Advice
Priority: 3
Actor: User

Pre-condition: The user has the choice to look at advice on their career.

	Step 1: The user selects the career advice option.
	Step 2: The user selects the type of work he or she would like to receive advice on.
	Step 3: The system retrieves the top 5 career advice tips for that particular type of work.
	Step 4: The user has the option to print the information.
	
Post-condition: The user will have received career advice regarding their choosen career.


Use Case Name: Register User
Priortiy: 1
Actor: User

Pre-condition: The user is able to register with the application.
	
	Step 1: The user selects the register button.
	Step 2: The user enter his or her email and password to register.
	Step 3: The user confirms his or her details.
	Step 4: The system opens extra details page, first name, last name, county, town,
			career level(drop down menu), education level(drop down menu).
	Step 5: The user confirms all these details.
	Step 4: The system confims the users details have been saved.
	
Post-condition: The user has registered with the application.


Use Case Name: Login
Priority: 1
Actor: User

Pre-condition: The user is able to login into the system with a registered user-name and password.

	Step 1: The user selects the login button.
	Step 2: The user enters his or her email and password to login.
	Step 3: The user confirms his or her details.
	Step 4: The system allows the uesr enter the application.
	
Post-condition: The user has logged into the applicatin.
	
	
Use Case Name: Review Companies
Priority: 4
Actor: User

Pre-condition: The user has the choice to look at reviews of companies registered with the application.
	
	Step 1: The user selects the review company link.
	Step 2: The system retrieves a list of the companies that the user can review.
	Step 3: The user selects the company he or she would like to review.
	Step 4: The system retrieves information on the choosen company.
	
Post-condition: The user is giving reviews on companies they wish to review.